If not self-custody, why crypto? I just
think that that if you can't answer that
question and you don't really understand
crypto and you should just like be
celebrating Visa International and
PayPal instead of being invested in
crypto. Like if you really don't have an
appreciation for self-custody, then why
aren't you excite just as excited about,
you know, Visa and PayPal as you are
about cryptocurrency?
[Music]
Hey everyone, welcome to the Smart
Economy podcast where we ask your
favorite builders the questions you wish
you could ask yourself. This is a
production of neo newswtoday.com and I'm
your host Dylan Gowski. In this episode,
we're joined by Ian Rogers, the chief
experience officer at Ledger, a
longstanding hardware wallet provider
that's been delivering secure storage
devices since 2014.
In this conversation, we discussed being
an early stage internet pioneer in the9s
and watching the advent and growth of
the worldwide web. We also discussed
watching technology transform over the
decades in various industries. The role
that crypto and blockchain will and is
having in network states. How Ledger has
positioned itself and is positioning
itself to be the ultimate security
device provider and so much more. Just a
reminder, nothing said in this podcast
is a solicitation to buy or sell any
tokens and that the guest or host might
hold tokens discussed in any given
episode. You can check out a disclaimer
at neonnewtoday.com.
If you enjoyed this interview, also
please consider rating and reviewing it
on your favorite podcasting platform and
sharing with friends and family. Every
rating, review, like, and comment helps
us reach more people and bring you more
of your favorite guests. With all that
said, I really enjoyed this chat with
Ian, and I hope you enjoy the
conversation, too. What's up everybody?
Welcome to the Smart Economy podcast.
Super psyched for today's conversation.
We're joined by Ian Rogers, the chief
experience officer at Ledger. We all
know Ledger. It's an OG hardware wallet
device and service provider. Thank you
so much for coming on to the Smart
Economy podcast today, Ian. How are you
doing?
>> I'm doing good, man. How are you? Nice
to see you.
>> Yeah, nice to see you, too. Um, before
we kind of like dig into the meat of
everything, um, you're kind of traveling
the world right now. You're you're an
expat living abroad. So, where about are
you in the world these days? How are you
spending your time for the past couple
months?
>> I'm mostly in Paris. You know, I've been
around a little bit. I was in the US for
a bit seeing family. I'll make it back
over there, you know, soon. So, I, you
know, I I do make it back and forth a
lot, but I'm I'm mostly in Europe these
days, and Ledger HQ is embarrassed.
>> Yeah. How's the experience of an expat
living abroad? Are there are there
things you miss about being home, or is
is the joy of experiencing something new
kind of overpowering that emotion?
>> I'm from Indiana. I spent 20 years
there. I moved to um LA after college. I
spent 20 years there between LA and San
Francisco. always always living in LA
and then for 15 years commuting to San
Francisco for work and I loved it. You
know, I I have no complaints. I love
being from the Midwest. I think, you
know, where I'm from in Indiana, it's a
great place to be from, you know, it's
like good people, nice people,
hardworking, but you know, I was really
happy to escape personally as like a
skateboarder. Going to California was a
dream. And then I studied computer
science and so being in California from
1995 till 2015 was a hell of a ride.
Especially like LA, you know, when I got
to LA, people were asking me like, "Why
LA?" Like, I thought people like you
were supposed to move to San Francisco.
But I moved to LA for the music
business. And for all that time, I got
to be this person. I think that the LA
people thought I was a tech person and
the San Francisco people thought I was a
entertainment industry person. And I I
got to be just this kind of bee that
like pollinates, you know, between the
two worlds. And and I I loved that role,
but also like I I definitely felt I mean
I you know the California is kind of a
bubble, you know, and I I being from
Indiana, you can see the bubbleness and
I was pretty happy to get out of it. And
you know, I never never knew exactly
where that would be. I didn't actually
didn't think it could happen. You know,
you're like, I don't know who's going to
hire me outside of California. You know
what? and pretty much for what I do, you
know, it's what it felt like between,
you know, I worked at places like, you
know, Yahoo and Apple and you feel like
those companies don't exist anywhere
else, you know. Um, so when I got a call
from LVMH to come to France, I was
intrigued, you know, partly because of
the work, but also partly because of
this opportunity to both get out of
digital music. I also didn't think
anybody would ever give me a job outside
of digital music. I was a serial
entrepreneur there, but also to get out
of that California bubble. And it's been
great. I've loved it. It's given me a
ton of perspective. I really, really,
really recommend it. I think more and
more people are doing that today than,
you know, when I did it 10 years ago, it
was like, "What are you doing?" And now
I I have friends all the time that are
moving to Europe and like wanting to get
out of San Francisco, Los Angeles, um,
New York, you know, some of the people,
you know, moving from California to
Texas or California to Florida or, you
know, there's a lot of that that sort of
thing going on. But I'm glad I did it.
It's given me a lot of perspective.
>> Amazing. I spent three years in the Bay
Area myself. I lived in Oakland and was
a proud um East Bayer uh during my my
stint and tenure there. And and I can
definitely attest to to the bubbleness,
but it it's also it's it's it's hard to
look out and or look from the outside in
and kind of develop an opinion, but then
once you're in there as well, there's
also a whole different vibe shift. And
during my tenure was 15 to 18 and crypto
still wasn't cool in the Bay Area. it
was a threat to like the existing VC
model. So me talking about crypto, I
would kind of like meet a lot of eye
rolls and a lot of skepticism. So I'm
just so interested to see what it's like
there today. But another thing that kind
of like popped to the front of mind
while you were just like sharing your
experience, you're not the only
skateboarder who pulled the rip cord on
America. I always think of Tom Penny who
left and built his his chateau in France
and has his halfpipe in his house. Super
cool. just kind of like nostalgia from
the old flip skate videos back in the
day. But yeah,
>> I mean Europe is actually hard for
skateboarding by the way. Like the
streets are old. Like as soon as I move
as soon as I moved to Paris, I had a
friend coming to visit me. I was like,
"Will you please bring me some softer
wheels?" Um it was it was and uh but I I
found a way. There's a great halfpipe
like right near my apartment in Paris.
And I'm over 50 now. I'm still skating.
>> Well, I mean I also noticed in one of
the interviews you did that you have a a
set of um dip rings in your house. So,
so what's your favorite calisthenics
exercise that's keeping you young and
>> like I said I'm over 50. So I'm a
runner, you know, been for skateboarding
and running. I've been running for like
the last 18 years, but I have a knee
injury right now. So now I have a whole,
you know, routine to a rehab the knee, b
just try not to get old and fat and, you
know, just try to like work on work on
some upper body. So I just do sort of a
circuit and I row. I have a I have a
rowing machine and then I love to
mountain bike as well. So you can see
the mountain bike behind me and I'm I'm
you know that's that's the other thing
that I I can do and I'm I'm I have to
say just this week I was like I think I
might be ready to run again. I'm going
to you know get I don't want to do it
too quickly but I haven't run since
June. I got I got to get back out there
though. It's I'm I'm itching.
>> Yeah, you got the itch. I uh I replaced
my running habit with jump roping when
when my knee started getting wonky.
>> That's smart. Jump roping you work on
your vertical leap. You know I here's my
advice for anyone getting like old like
me. Um, I I would say just strength.
Strengthen strengthen your quads,
strengthen your hips. Like that's that's
what happened to me. I used to do
CrossFit and I was nice and strong. I
was running marathons and I was doing
CrossFit. That's what it's like to live
in LA. You run marathons and you do
CrossFit. But you move to Paris.
You drink more wine, you sleep later,
you're not getting up at 5:00 in the
morning to do CrossFit anymore. Then you
add to that age and I just got weak. So
I was still running. I could still put
on the miles, but I didn't have the
strength in my quads or my hips anymore.
And I think that that's what took the
toll on my knee. So, I've spent a lot of
time trying to like rebuild the strength
in my quads and my hips. So, my advice
to anyone who's getting older and still
wants to run, squats, wall sits, all
that stuff with the like elastic band
for your hips. You'll be, you know, you
got another 20 years. think
>> I think we can we can kind of like get
mad at age, but you know, time comes for
for every man, you know, and every
person.
>> None of us escape it. No one gets out
alive.
>> I know. Death and taxes, the only two
things, right? I do kind of want to
touch on this theme of of longevity. So,
you have a pretty awesome background
just in general. And when I start
looking into Ian Rogers, one of the
first things that pops out is founder
and web master for beasty Boys.com. So
like you mentioned that you were this
entrepreneur leaving leaving college,
leaving the Midwest, making your your
great journey west. What was the kind of
like opportunity for the the web the
internet frontier back in your
postcolgate days to become like the
founder and web master for
beastyboys.com?
That takes a little bit of a creative
eye. And this was also during a time
when we still didn't even have like AOL
in everybody's house or MSN Messenger or
ICQ or anything like that. So, what were
kind of like the early days on on being
on the the frontier of the web and did
you did the vision of like what the web
could be has it shaped up to where we
are today?
>> Yeah, that's a big topic. I'll try to
make it brief. I mean, I think just for
your listeners that, you know, might
have a hard time imagining, but what you
described about being in Silicon Valley
in 2015 and talking about crypto,
imagine being in Los Angeles in 1995 and
talking about the internet. I mean, it
wasn't even like people weren't even
upset about it. They were just like,
"What are you talking about?" And who
gives a Right? And so, you know,
it really to be honest, it it was maybe
a bit of a creative eye, but I don't
think so. So I think I was much more
naive and just I wasn't at all
opportunistic. Um I just I loved music
and I loved technology and I I had I was
I just had this blessing to put these
two things together. So you know I I
studied computer science. I graduated in
'94 which was like the time that Mosaic
was coming out and and you know Netscape
started to exist around that time. Um
but it's not like you said hey go to my
website or even download you know
download my mobile app. you had to like
start with it's just like your crypto
followers can appreciate it. You start
with so there's this thing called the
internet
and if you have a computer which most
people didn't and you get a modem and
you get an ISP and you get a like a slip
PPP connection and you get this thing
called a web browser then you can
download this ugly page in 30 seconds. I
think there is really like a parallel to
the early days of crypto, right? People
say, "Oh, it's too hard to use. This
will never go anywhere." You know, I
mean, there were so many people even in
the beginning of the 2000s who said,
"Oh, you'll never be able to do video on
the internet." You know, it just it
seemed too far away. Okay. So, I think
we have to remember that like these
things always, you know, find a home and
you just got to be there and try to sort
through what's real, what's hype. You
know, all of these business ideas in the
late '9s like, you know, home delivery
in an hour and long form video on the
internet, they were a joke when the dot
bubble burst and now they're a part of
our everyday lives. And I think that
there's so many parallels to crypto in
that. So, for me at the time, I think
certainly what I've gained is a lot of
perspective. You know, at the time I was
just like, I don't know, let's do this.
It looks fun. And I was really surprised
that anybody cared about it. You know, I
remember when I remember the first that
I saw. It was IBM.com.
And for us it was like whoa.com
like wait, someone outside of academia
might care about this. Like it was I had
no vision of like this is going to be
everywhere and it's going to change
everything and you're going to book your
appointment at the DMV on the internet.
Like I mean no way. It was really just
like I mean for us it was utility. We
were hanging out in Usenet talking about
music and then there was this new thing
called the worldwide web and you could
put things up and then it was kind of
cool. Anybody could see it. You know,
you to do that before you had to have
FTP servers or gopher and you know it
was just like a new tool to get a job
done. And I think it is still kind of
that right even with AI coding today. To
me, it's like, okay, there's all the
hype and you can read the article and
you can listen to the news story, but
you don't really know it until you sit
down and do it and you use it and then
you go, well, what is this good at? What
is this not good at? And it's the same
thing with blockchains. Like, they're
not good at everything. You know,
they're very good at issu issuance and
they're very good at applications that
involve trading. If it doesn't involve
those two things, you should probably
use a SQL database. And so, you really
have to like get into these applications
and and use them and and understand what
they're good at. So I think you know to
me it's it's it's like it's all the same
but I I really think for me web master
BC boys just timing and luck. I was just
I had this interest. I started doing
this thing. I did it as a fan because I
used to maintain the BC boys frequently
asked questions list on Usenet and then
I moved it to the web. Their manager
called me asked me if I wanted to do it
for all of his bands. I said yes. He
paid me $8.50 an hour which is more than
I made washing dishes. I was like I'll
take it. I had no kind of opportunistic
vision. Now I would, you know, I don't
know what I would do different now.
Probably nothing because it was so much
fun. But I definitely wasn't like, "How
does this make me rich?" I also think
that that's a big difference between
like a 22-year-old in 1994 and a
22-year-old today. If you asked me in
1994 like how do you get rich, I was
like I don't know. Like get a job? I
don't know. I think that there we have a
completely different relationship to
value today. um as as young people than
you know young people did when I was
when I was that age. I think, you know,
a lot of 22-year-olds today, if you ask
them, "How do you get rich?" They're
going to tell you something. You know,
it might not be right. They might be
wrong. They might fail at it. It might
involve trading sneakers. It might
involve something illegal. I But they
have an answer to the question. I just
didn't have one. What resonates so much
in preparing for this interview was and
especially what you just said confirming
it that you were only quote unquote
making 850 an hour, but this was kind of
like the first web freelancer kind of
role.
>> I think we might have had I I think we
might have had the first web design
company. I think that might be factual.
I've never found somebody who got paid
for a web design that before us.
>> Interesting. I I studied urban planning
in school. I was in the urban planning
field and I remember being stuck in a
cube and just like dying for a way out
and becoming a content creator in the
blockchain space was my answer. And so
it's so cool to hear that this was your
answer before the internet was a
household name.
>> I mean I'm telling you when we started
I'm really just remembering right now we
had this thing called the music kitchen
which we where we kind of like bundled
together the the artists that we worked
with and we didn't have a top level
domain. We were actually on the website
of like a newspaper from North Carolina
because it's hard to imagine but at the
time like it it didn't seem like
efficient for everyone to have top level
domains like we were such kind of like
you know we were such engineers that we
were like if everybody had a top level
domain like how would you even navigate
the internet like there there should be
some sort of hierarchy right it should
be like all the media stuff is over here
and then all the financial stuff is on
this top level domain financialstuff.com
or you weren't even thinking in terms of
there was nando.net net. I remember, you
know, but that's how that's how early it
was. But I think that's great. Like I'm
super thankful. Like it does give me
perspective, right? Because I know I
have now seen how something goes from
absolutely nothing to being a part of
the fabric of every human's life. So I I
you can't convince me that that's not
possible. Like when whenever someone
says to me, "Oh, that'll never happen."
That just those words don't even pass
through my ears. So I have to go back to
first principles and go does this solve
some kind of fundamental human problem
and if so it's actually probably
inevitable you know I really believe
that Christensen thing that he says
which is there are no new human problems
we just hire new technologies to solve
old problems or as my friend Gabe from
Mischief said like what humans do is eat
sleep and flex on their neighbor.
So you have you have these like
fundamental human things and we just
hire new technologies to do those things
and so everything will happen unless
we don't have any use for it because
there's a lot of those ideas too.
There's a lot of like you know solutions
looking for problems and those will
never happen. There's nothing you could
do to push that rock up the hill. You've
been at the kind of like the cutting
edge though of of various different
industries that did end up taking off or
the internet did serve a purpose for
that industry. You made the first
website for for Beasty Boys and then
their team hired you to manage it. You
were at Yahoo Music and then that became
working for uh Beats which got acquired
by Apple. you were in the the the luxury
retail space when luxury re um when
luxury realized we can leverage the
internet to connect with our users and
our audience and then you ended up at
Ledger in 2021. So are we able to kind
of quantify
you know as as history doesn't rhyme or
repeat but it rhymes. Are you able to
kind of like put your finger on these
like moments in time when you can feel
the shift happening where this fringe
thing becomes a part of the zeitgeist or
are we still just kind of like yeah
right place right time kind of got
lucky?
>> No, I think I've always been a bit early
so I have to calibrate for that. You
know, I I like to I like to explore
things when not too many people are
exploring them and then try to figure
out if like from first principles if
there's something there. And I also
really like to look for things where I,
you know, I fundamentally believe in
something, you know, in in the world of
music. I I just I love music and I love
artists. I really just thought like this
system that we have is inefficient.
There's tons of music I hear music that
I don't like too much and there's too
music too much music that I would like
that I can't get to. It's just
fundamentally inefficient. And I saw
that the internet was going to like, you
know, correct some of that inefficiency
and I really wanted to do that. I think
you know in terms of of crypto you know
for me it was just super obvious from
the moment go I mean of of course the
internet is going to have its own money
like that that seems really obvious
we've lived through this digitization of
all information and now we're living
through the digitization of all value
and I think that that that that's really
undeniable. I also think it's why I
dislike the moniker web 3 because it
makes it sound like web 3 is somehow
incremental to web two but it's not.
It's a completely separate revolution.
It's like it's probably bigger. It's
probably bigger in terms of its impact
on humanity. Um it's also bigger in
terms of its of its pitfalls where this
you know digitization of all information
is you know existential if you're a
media company. You know it doesn't you
know it wasn't it was like kind of a
great thing for all the users you know
like people people loved Napster even
though it was you know copyright
infringement. It was joyous for for
consumers. Um, I think about that
relative to AI hate today. I'm like,
wow. Like, you know, there's AI
protests, yet the only people who
protested Napster were Metallica. You
know what I mean? It's it's like it it's
very strange. And I think, you know, so
I think that a digitization of all value
is like ex it is like I mean, it's your
life savings potentially, right? It's
like you're either like winning big or
you're or you're missing out. Like those
are kind of the only two two options um
you know, in in in this world. So to me
like I I really want to like I can't
help it. I want to dig into that. I want
to understand it. And then for me why
that's how I got involved with Ledger
because I just believe that Ledger was
doing something that was very
fundamental to the space. You know if if
not self-custody why crypto? I just
think that that if you can't answer that
question and you don't really understand
crypto and you should just like be
celebrating Visa International and
PayPal instead of being invested in
crypto. Like if you really don't have an
appreciation for self-custody, then why
aren't you excite just as excited about
you know Visa and PayPal as you are
about you know about cryptocurrency and
but if self-custody then security and I
just saw what Ledger was doing as as you
know really fundamental and I'm a I'm a
bit of an idealist. I have zero interest
in working at a bank nor do I have an
interest in working at the Amazon of
banks. Like that doesn't excite me in
any way, shape or form. you know there
is much more to Ledger's mission uh from
an idealistic perspective which I think
is quite important and plays a very
important role in kind of the long term
of this industry that and that's you
know so to me there is a through line in
all of that there's kind of being on the
frontier really trying to understand
things you know first principles you
know I love that you know I just loved
music and that made me think of that I
mean cryptocurrency has made me think
about value in a way that I never
thought about it growing up. Artificial
intelligence makes me think about what
it means to be a human being in a way
that I've never thought about so deeply.
I just love approaching these kind of
problems with my brain.
>> I I never really attribute Ledger to my
kind of onboarding into crypto, but it's
true. Uh, back in 2017 when ShapeShift
was the only decentralized exchange that
was around, I bought my first Bitcoin
and ETH off of Coinbase and then I
swapped for any token that that had
Ledger support. And because of that, I
ended up in the ecosystem that I've been
working in since 2018. All because it
was a chance token that was supported by
Ledger in 2017. So, this is kind of one
of I call it one of like my two or three
major aha moments when it comes to
distributed networks. And I'm kind of
glad you brought up Napster. I was a
little hesitant to bring it up because
you worked in the music industry, but
Napster was like antithetical to that,
but it also empowered so many people.
There's a lot of pros and cons to it.
But I was just wondering what was kind
of like your first recognition of
distributed networks and distributed
architecture and I don't want to paint
your your response in any way but was it
a positive or a negative when you first
came across it? Oh man. I mean, if you
go back, I I I put on my LinkedIn page,
I think in 2001, it said I don't
remember what the field was, but it was
just like bio, I think, and I I wrote
like decentralizing that which was
previously top down. Um, and I wrote
that in 2001. So, look, I grew up with
skateboarding and punk rock. So, do not
like these centralized gatekeepers who
are the ones that tell you what you're
supposed to listen to, what you're
supposed to watch, what you're supposed
to read. like I just have never had
mainstream tastes. And so I think as an
as an outsider, the internet always made
sense, right? I always say anybody who
made a zen with a magic marker and a
photocopier like I did in the ' 80s um
understood the internet day one, which
is like what the BC boys and I had in
common. We both come from that world
where, you know, you book your own life.
You know, you you publish yourself with,
you know, first to your friends and then
you're like, well, how do I get beyond
this? and you know and then the internet
comes along you're like oh this looks
like a tool to get beyond this. So when
I first saw you know I think the answer
to your question is the internet
underground music archive which was
started in 1993 was the first place that
people would post their music and um
anyone could could download it off the
internet. It was started in Santa Cruz
back in 1993. And I would I remember
like pacing around my apartment going
this is going to change everything. This
is going to remove the gatekeepers. And
then I went to Iuma and I downloaded
every song, which was something you
could do like in one night in the
computer lab at the university. And I
listened to all of them and they were
all terrible. And I remember thinking,
"Oh yeah, yeah." I mean, I guess if 99%
of what the record labels release is
garbage. Like imagine the stuff that
they overlook. You know, I've never I've
never stopped wanting that sort of I
don't know. Power to the people sounds a
bit naive but and also they they as as
crass said you know they talk of
liberation and when the people rule but
there are people ruling right now so
what difference would it be this notion
though of just to me it is actually more
about efficiency I would say like as a
um you know as an engineer um like I
don't really want to change who tell you
what to do I actually want to build
systems so that we can choose what to do
as individuals uals. Um, that's always
been the drive for me. That's why I
loved Win Amp. We made Win Amp in the
late '9s. It was an MP3 player and we
really whipped the llama's ass. But what
I loved about working for Win Amp was we
weren't a record label. We weren't a
music service. We didn't in any way tell
you what to listen to. We just made a
tool so you can listen to whatever you
want. That really appeals to me. And I
think you know what we did with Beats
Music even was to make something that
was really for people who love music
because what I felt was happening to
culture is you know the Spotify thing of
it all starts with a search. I like no
it doesn't it's not where it starts at
all. It starts with culture. It it it
starts with a story in fact like a story
of an artist or a song or a moment or an
emotion or you know like that's what it
starts with. doesn't it it's not this is
not a spreadsheet that plays music. This
has to be something that you know that
that touches us as as human beings. Um
so for me I think in some ways it's more
about efficiency and and user choice and
I think that comes through in ledger as
well. Ledger is about choice across the
board. I mean you mentioned it with
tokens. Our goal is to support the
broadest range of tokens. you know, we
have our preferences of what we invest
in, but we do not want to impose that on
anyone else, which is a bit an
antithetical to crypto Twitter in a way,
right? You know, like this faction hates
that faction who hates that faction who
hates that faction who hates that
faction. And we're just like, no, we the
whole point of freedom means I mean that
that you the individual can do your own
research and make your own choices.
That's what freedom means. Um, so to me
like building tools for freedom is is
important.
>> I used to spend hours just looking at
the various different visualizers on Win
Amp with the music that I was playing on
it. So dude, super cool that you were
part of that team. Like I I wouldn't I
wouldn't say I lost hours. I gained
freedom hours during those years. And
>> we we we lost hours with turntable.
which I loved by the way, but I was just
talking to Seth Goldstein from Bright
Moments was the CEO of Turntable.fm and
we we all like that that was the example
of a product that was too successful.
Too many of us were like, I've got to
stop using this and get back to work.
Whereas Win Amp was I can use this while
I'm working.
>> Beautiful.
>> It was super simple. The design was just
like give me what I want and make it
simple to use it.
>> Well, it's also an open platform. I
think that what's important what's
what's also relevant to what we do in
crypto today is 50,000 skins, 5,000
plugins. We were a fourperson team, you
know, who who had 30 million users in
1999, which you know there were only 500
million people on the internet at that
moment. So if you think about that's
like kind of today in crypto having 30
million users and with a very small
team. So I think there are some analoges
to that in crypto world today too. Were
you able to kind of infer where these
skin creators were coming from? Like
were these people from all over the
world? Were they anons?
>> Yeah, all over the world for sure. And
and very few of them were, I would say,
serious artists, but the ones that were
did really beautiful work. You know, the
problem is that people built these tools
that where you could just like take an
image and it would turn it into a Winnab
skin, you know? So people just like take
a piece of porn win skin and then upload
it to us. I'm like, "Oh my god, please
stop." But some of them were like really
like beautifully gone with a lot of
detail, you know, and like people put a
lot of work into this. And it was great
during co somebody made like a win amp
skin museum. It was it's cool. I love
seeing it because it was a canvas, you
know. It was a canvas.
>> It's also a technology of an era and
there's a lot of nostalgia attached to
it. Uh there's a there's a Twitter
account called '90s Internet and it's
just images from like desktop computers
and apps and applications we used back
in the day. And it just kind of like
gives the the vibe of what it was like
to use the computer back in the late
90s, early 2000s. And oftentimes I'll
see like Winamp skins on there. Um, so
it's just super nostalgic and really
really freaking cool that you worked on
that project. Before or while you kind
of like mentioned Win Amp, you brought
up a super salient point that I think we
as crypto natives and people who are
decentralization maxis have to kind of
grapple with and that is you were
mentioning that we always want freedom
especially the people that are in charge
are trying to sell us a bill of freedom
but we already have our own masters. So,
we're kind of seeing this era in the
blockchain space where we're we're
rooting on governments to put Bitcoin
into their into their reserves. We're
rooting on Wall Street for building ETFs
and making it possible for me to have
inind redemption and staking that's a
part of the ETF and this is going to be
the narrative that pushes my assets up.
How do you view this? Are we losing our
place? Is punk rock slowly dying out or
was this always kind of an inevitable
result? There was always going to be
these kind of like larger powers that be
that got into this asset class and
industry.
>> It's a great question and I don't think
there's a simple answer and what and
I'll I'll tell you why I say that
because I think definitely you know
let's start with the the the the
beautiful thing and just look at at
Bitcoin. I think the great the thing
that we all have to remember is Bitcoin
is Bitcoin. You know, Bitcoin is a is
just this incredibly beautiful
invention. Like truly like I can't I'm
I'm not I can't think of a more
interesting invention in my lifetime and
and that might and probably the best
brand of my lifetime too. And and it and
for it to have been born the way it was
born. I just think that Bitcoin is one
of these things that like the longer you
look at it, the more beautiful it is. We
can say, oh, is there's concentration
risk in ETFs and even ETFs plus
Coinbase, you know, like and and have
these kind of conversation, but Bitcoin
is still Bitcoin and it wouldn't have
value to anyone if it wasn't exactly
what it is. And I I so I so it doesn't
really bother me at all, you know? I
mean, my friend who's, you know, my age,
um, and wants to have a little bit of
Bitcoin sitting in his brokerage account
next to his Apple and his Tesla, to be
honest, I'm very happy for him to own
the ETF. You know, I actually want his
Bitcoin sitting there next to his Apple
and his Tesla. It's going to give him a
better sense of the performance of that
asset and and and what it means. And so,
yeah, no, is he participating in the
world of permissionless money and
self-custody? No, he's not. not
directly, but the asset would not have
that value if it was not permissionless
and capable of being self-custodied. You
know, if you took away the
permissionless and self-custody nature
of Bitcoin tomorrow, the price goes to
the floor. It's just not the same asset
anymore. So, I I think that that, you
know, that's that's one thing. I think
the other thing though, I really do
believe in, you know, Bellagi's notion
of of the network state. um and that we
you know in the same way that that you
know around the time of the French
Revolution we moved from you know God to
state that we are moving from from state
to network. I think it's undeniable. We
could argue about many of the finer
points but you know the reality is is
that every human values the opinion of
their network neighbor more than they do
of their physical neighbor period. you
know, I mean, you know, I'm not gonna
cry if the person downstairs from me
doesn't like me, but if, you know,
someone whose opinion I value online
thinks I'm a jackass, then, you know,
that that it feels different, right? Um
because they are they are close to me
culturally and and they're and they're
not close to me physically, but they are
um adjacent to me in the way that I live
my life every day. So, we do we do live
network lives. There's there's um
there's no question. And I think it's I
think in that way like we should expect
friction between the fact that we are
human carcasses living you know in
jurisdictions somewhere all of us do and
that is conflicting with this network
world and I think if you're not paying
attention to what's going on in the kind
of the book the end of the world is just
the beginning kind of way in other words
you know all all western economies will
feel pain you could read Dalio as
another example of this the principles
of a changing world horror or how
countries go broke. You know, I think
that people should read these books and
have a good sense of, you know, exactly
or bro or broken money by Lyn Alden.
Like if you're not if you're not reading
these things and paying attention to,
you know, what's going on around you, I
mean, the French government failed this
week. You know, the debt GDP ratio in
France is astounding. I think it's their
what the third prime minister in in a
year's time. They're telling the IMF
they might need another bailout. like
these are, you know, and at the same
time we're increasingly livingorked
lives and we have network money, you
know, like got to put this puzzle
together. So, I I think yes, it's
inevitable and there will always be a um
you know, this this difficulty that
humans will wrestle with between what
tools are capable of and how we use
them. And I say it that way because it's
not just technology, it's the tools that
we build. Fire is a tool. You know, cars
were a tool and we've had to deal we've
had to we've had to put guard rails
around. You know, how do we do this?
There are speed limits. There are seat
belts. There are maybe coming back to
the Napster example, you know, copyright
and this this applies to AI right now.
To me, it's like the perfect way to talk
about this. You know, there was the
person in government, I can't remember
who it was, who once said, you know, I I
can't define pornography, but I know it
when I see it. That applies to
everything, right? And I think that you
and I could agree that if I, you know,
take an album and just upload it to
Spotify and say it's my change the album
cover and change, you know, the name of
the album and say it's my album, that
that's theft. You know, we don't want to
live in a world where people can do
that. We just don't that's not we're
human beings. We can agree. No, you
can't do that. Don't take someone else's
album and upload it and call it yours.
No, we don't want to live in that world.
At the same time, we do want to live in
a world where I should be able to
excerpt a work. If I want to, you know,
do commentary on it, right? They call
this fair use. I'm just picking two
things that are extremes, two things
that we can all agree on. I should be
able to pull an excerpt from an article
in the New York Times. I'm going to
write a commentary about it. That's the
world we want to live in. All right.
Now, the point between those two lines
is very blurry. Like, none of us are
going to agree exactly where,
you know, the the crossover point there.
I think that that notion applies to
absolutely everything. You know, when it
comes to digital money, we're probably
going to be able to find these extreme
points that we agree upon. And then the
middle is going to be not only blurry,
but arbitrary. Like at the end of the
day, even if we we have to set a rule
around it, we're going to have to set a
rule. And that rule is going to be
arbitrary, and then we're all going to
have to live with it. So, I think some
of it is kind of government, some of it
is just like, you know, how do we live
together? It's inevitable. Um, and we
should never expect it to be any other
way. But we should fight about the finer
details. We should, you know, um, be
really offended if you can go to jail
for writing code. You know, we should
there are these thing there there are
places where we do need to take an
idealistic, you know, stance or, you
know, we we we run the risk of going,
you know, backwards. There was it's a
true thing that um you know it was for a
moment it was maybe going to be illegal
to rip compact discs. It went even
further than that. It was I guess the
there was a time when the VCR was maybe
going to be illegal. So we when these
things happen we must stand up and say
no we're not going to let you go this
far to protect your industry. Right?
Operation chokeoint 2.0 No, it was
another one of these times we said like
look banking industry we know you don't
like this and you would love to slow the
technology that is coming to take away
some of your strangle hold but there is
a limit to you know how much
anti-competitive behavior you can bring
to bear like these you know these these
things are these things are important so
I think it's inevitable
I also think that it's a it's a bit like
a you know there there a lot of things
where you it feels like a fight
constantly and then you look in the
rearview mirror and you're like, "Ah,
we've actually made progress." You know,
if you'd have told me when I was a kid
that we would have gay marriage and
legalized marijuana and like these
things, I'd be like, "That's insane,
right?" But we do. We do. And and it
was, you know, it was a fight and but
you know, things do change over time.
>> I love that you brought that up. Like I
said, I used to be an urban planner, so
I've like rubbed elbows in the
government sphere for a good chunk of my
career. And in 2023, I went with
Coinbase and Stand with Crypto out to DC
to talk with Colorado's legislators
about pro- crypto sensible blockchain
legislation. And it was the first time
in my life where I felt like I
participated in democracy. And it
actually worked. There was people who
were listening and we saw a tangible
result in Operation Chokepoint 2.0 being
overturned. We saw the the wave in pro
crypto elections and and people who are
running on pro crypto ideology. We saw
them get voted into power last November.
So like this industry is is really
starting to like bring people from the
mud to rise up. I don't know. Kind of
like a lotus flower or something like
that. Like we're really starting to see
the power that we have. But I I want to
maybe like zoom down a little bit from
this kind of like 10,000 foot
philosophical view we're covering and
just like get into your head a little
bit about what the the day-to-day what
the the vision for the chief experience
officer is at Ledger like what is is
your role bringing to what what was like
super important to my on boarding and
and aha moment into blockchain and
crypto. How do you view the your role
for for this technology that does this
same very thing for millions of other
people?
>> So I I think what Ledger's mission is
actually quite simple and relevant to
what you just said and that is we want
to allow you to do whatever it is you
would like to do with your digital value
without ever compromising on security or
self-custody. So to offer, you know, and
and if you look at what Ledger has done
over the over the past five years,
you've seen us um really improving the
usability of the device, adding a lot to
what you can do with the with Ledger
within Ledger Live. So adding tons of
services, buy, swap, stake, earn, credit
card, these kinds of services right into
Ledger Live. And then we've really been
trying to bring self- custody to the
mainstream with better recovery options,
right? So going from, you know, writing
down your recovery phrase or putting it
on steel to ledger recover, which is a,
you know, a cloud-based uh service or an
identity based service is is the best
way to call it to now ledger recovery
key, which is um a secure PIN protected
electronic backup. And we need those
things because to bring self-custody to
more people, you know, you have to have
a way that self-custody is is doable. Um
so really that's what we're doing um
every day. I think if you're if you're
looking at a at a solution um you know I
think another way to put it is this you
know we're at this phase now and this is
different than 2021 right in 2021 we're
talking about DeFi we're talking about
NFT is very much like a self-custody you
know movement I I would say now we have
this this merger of tradi and and crypto
and there are lots of ways to get
exposure you know ETF the the the
exchanges like Coinbase and Kraken are
are better and stronger than ever you
know but we all know that those things
are a compromise, right? Those of us who
are serious about digital value, we know
that those things are a compromise. Um,
and so if you think about it, we have,
you know, 7 billion smartphones on
planet Earth. The vast majority of those
have some kind of value management app
on them, whether it's your banking app
or PayPal or Venmo or Coinbase or Robin
Hood, Revolute, etc. Ledger is the pro
version of that value app. We are for
people who are serious about digital
value, security, self-custody,
the lack of counterparty risk, aka not
getting FTXed. That's what Ledger is.
Now, for us to be that, what do you need
as a as a user? Well, you need security.
And you know, our security standards are
very high. Really, nobody has the
architecture that we have when it when
it comes to to security. Happy to talk
more about that specifically, but there
is not another product on the market
that has the level of security the
ledger has. We had a moment this week um
just this week, this past week, where
your two options were use a ledger and
look at your secure screen or do not
interact with any blockchain until all
this blows over, right? That actually
happened this week. That's that's the
level of security the ledger has
compared to anything else. The you know,
the second thing on that is usability.
Is it easy to use? And that's why we've,
you know, made these devices with these
um with these e- in touchscreens, you
know, that are that are, you know, much
easier to use. Thank you very much. you
know, because you know, you need you
need to be able to I mean, you need a
touchscreen. If you look at like Ledger
Nanos, they're great for those of us
that were early adopters, but I can't
tell my sister to click with click okay
with two thumbs. You know, that's not,
you know, not an option. But also access
to services. You know, you I need to be
able to have access, as you said, to the
not only the assets you want, but I need
I'm doing more with those assets today.
I need to be able to interact with DAPs.
I need to be able to swap. I need to um
be able to earn yield, etc. And the good
news is for many of those things they
are fundamentally self-custody
exercises, right? So you you actually do
get more by being in self- custody. You
get access to more services. Um so we
want to provide that access securely.
And then the third thing you need is
recovery. You know what happens if in
the case of loss, theft, fire, etc. And
and that's what so dayto-day we're just
focused on making all of those things
the absolute best that they can be. I
think we've come so far, but I mean I
look at what we want to do over the
next, you know, 12 12 months and it's
just, you know, this is this is what's
exciting to me.
>> Be before we jump into next steps, I
just want to kind of acknowledge and and
get your insights because I again,
Ledger main stay in my aha moment for
crypto. So, I've always had this kind of
like sweet spot in my heart for for how
it empowered me. But crypto Twitter is
full of salty loud anons. And so
as Ledger kind of adapts to the
onboarding of the first billion users,
we have to recognize that my dad, your
sister, the guy in Colombia who has $10
of Bitcoin, they're going to be buying
their first hardware device and they
don't know anything about blockchain.
They don't understand the weight of
having to protect their security phrase.
They don't know any of this. And so
Ledger has tried to meet in the middle
this kind of let's give you access and
sovereignty over your digital assets,
but let's also provide services that
will help you. And I remember when
recovery went live, all of crypto
Twitter was like, "Ledger lost the plot.
They're storing your password on a
cloud. You have to do this. Never use
Ledger again. Burn it. we've lost our
sovereignty.
How do you kind of like make your
decisions as you're implementing new
things? And I love recovery key, by the
I think it's the it's a super sovereign
way to to kind of like up your your
private security, but how do you guys
take into the account like possible
negative backlash when you're
implementing a security feature or a
security service that might not
necessarily be the most self-s
sovereign, but it will help more people
in case of catastrophic loss of assets.
I think for us, we do have a very high
standard of security. That's the first
thing for us. Like we we never want to
compromise on security or self-custody.
And I think we've held the line on that
stronger than anyone else. We we didn't
even experiment with MCP. For us, it was
not secure enough. We don't we will
never do something that doesn't have a
secure screen. That's not secure enough
for us. Those devices that don't have a
screen are not secure enough for us.
It's not that we haven't made one. We'll
never make one. We will not make a
device without a secure screen. You can
bet on that, right? We will not make a
device where you do not generate your
seed inside of a secure element that has
entropy. We will not do that. We will
not make a device where you don't, you
know, where the cryptographic um
operation happens in a general purpose
MCU instead of inside of a secure
element. We will not do that. Right? And
so we just have this level this level of
of security. I think that, you know, for
the most part that that that's been
recognized. I think that there's a
couple places where the the FUD is loud.
One of them is around open source, which
is just total FUD. The other, and I mean
it's just people choosing religion over
security. Um, which you know, okay, you
can do that if you want, but I choose
security. I choose to have a device that
I can forget on a plane and not be
worried. That's my choice around
recovery. And that that that's a that's
a longer conversation. I think to your
point what I what I would what I'd say
to people is look what do we want as as
as like early crypto adopters you know
we want more people to come into the
space like you know we we don't want
this to be a private club for just us
like you have to approach it from that
you have to realize that you know we
don't I don't know what the what the
current number is but the last numbers
we had are sort of 650 million people
inside of the world of crypto ledger has
sold 7 million wallets to probably 5
million people and we are the dominant
player when it comes to to hardware. So
what does that mean? Maximum 10 million
people in secure self-custody. So I
think the whole community should look at
that problem first, right? Like and and
look, if if Ledger was just to look sort
of in the rearview mirror and only
address, you know, the 10 million people
who are already in secure self-custody,
it's not good for Ledger. It's not good
for the whole community. I mean, we have
to be looking at the, you know, the 650
million people and the billion people
and say, how do we bring those people
into secure self- custody? So, I'm open
to every idea that y'all have on how on
how we do that. So, one of them is
definitely around seed phrase recovery.
So, ledger ledger recover. And by the
way, with ledger recover, there's only
one thing that actually matters. How
many people has it saved and how many
people has it hurt? That's what actually
matters. That's what matters. You know
the value of ledger recover will be told
on the balance of those two things right
because we are the ones remember that
hear the stories of the people who lost
their seed phrase and their device in
the palisades fire and now they're
screwed. Those are the stories that we
did. So when that person is saved by
ledger recover I'm happy I don't really
care what someone on on Twitter has to
say about it. That product saved
someone's livelihood. That's all that
matters. Now you know then then then the
question is like is it a good
architecture? Is it you know is it
vulnerable to attack? What kind of
attack is it vulnerable to? You know we
care a lot about those things but that's
also why you know there's a white paper.
It's open source. There's a six-part
blog story about it. We hope that every
security expert in the world is looking
at it and telling us if they see a you
know a vulnerability. But it also
exposed to us that that there's a lot
you know we we really didn't do a very
good job communicating it. the news
leaked in uh just some release notes
before we had a chance to explain it to
the audience. And if you look at the way
that we launched Recovery Key this year,
you can see us learn from that mistake
because with Recovery Key, um we did a
we what I basically learned from that
whole experience is it's impossible to
talk to a mainstream community and
crypto Twitter at the same time. It's
impossible. Don't even try. It's not
possible. They're very very very
different. you know, a a newbie is
completely
terrified by crypto Twitter and you have
to talk to them in a certain way and
crypto Twitter expects something and so
and and that's good actually because
what we did with recovery key if you
look at the way that we launched it is
before we talked about when it was going
to be available, how much it was going
to cost, even the fact that we're giving
it away for free with every device, we
didn't say any of these things. What we
did is we said, "We've developed a
solution. It works like this. Here's the
white paper. here's the code, here's
exactly how it works. And we we just
we're just telling you that we made
this, right? And that's specifically for
Crypto Twitter to just go, what is it?
Do we like it? You know, and like kind
of have that conversation, which is
which is helpful. It's helpful for us,
too. It's like, what do you you know,
beat it up, look at the code, look at
the white paper, like, you know, tell us
what we missed. Let's not take it to
market if it sucks. And and so, you
know, we went through all of that. And
then a month later, we said, "Oh, and by
the way, it's going to be free in every
box. We're launching it on this date.
Here's how you buy them on ledger.com.
If you've already bought a touchscreen
device from us, here's how you can claim
yours on our website." Blah, blah, blah.
We did all of that, you know, all of
that stuff as a second step. And I think
that that's the lesson that I will
always take from this is, you know, you
bring kind of a a technical release to
crypto Twitter first. You tell them what
you're doing and you provide them all of
the the code and the and the white paper
and everything. And then there's a
second stage where you can talk, you
know, to the broader audience and tell
them what it is.
>> Fantastic postmortem. I think one of the
things that I've learned over my seven
years in this space is that there isn't
a black or white when it comes to crypto
and that decentralization is a spectrum.
And if you want certain features or
services to have an ease of use, then
you need to be a little bit flexible on
that spectrum. And there's so many
different facets of decentralization.
There's token issuance. There's
architectural decentralization.
There's code decentralization, client
decentralization. Where are the the
nodes located throughout the geography
of the world? So, there's so many
different facets. And again, it's so
easy to get caught up in CT and to kind
of like lose our minds as a herd. Um,
just markets love herd psychology in
general. But as we kind of wrap up and
zoom out, I want to touch base just
really quickly on trends. And I'm just
super curious to hear what your outlook
is, or rather your insights are into the
fourthcoming wave of new users. 5 years
ago, we thought the first billion users
would be humans. Today, I wonder if the
first billion users are going to be AI
agents. But we also start to see this
massive flux of capital coming in from
institutions. So how has the advent of
of AI and AI's use and just this like
wave of institutional onboarding, what
does that do for for your outlook at
Ledger? How has that changed your vision
in the four years you've been with the
team? Uh
>> it's a great question because so much
has changed in four years, right? the
cycle is so much different than the last
one. Um I think let's go with the kind
of market trend as a as the first um a
first answer. I think that there there
are I think what will happen is is that
you know digital value will simply
become pervasive and for the average
user they won't think about the
technology that lives underneath. I
think that's been predictable you know
over time. Um, and you know, I think so
much of this early internet that we
built was about acronyms, right? It was
a it was like it was a HTML, HTTP,
TCPIP, FTP, SCP,
um, RSS, on and on and on and on, right?
And then at some point it becomes you
buy an iPhone and it's not even really
the internet, right? It's a it's a it's
a Apple owned app store. So I think in
that is both the prediction and the
cautionary tale you know like we all got
owned by these guys right and if you
don't know how owned you are by either
Apple or Google just try to move from
either you know Apple to Android or
Android to Apple and you'll feel how
much they own you right so I think that
that's both the prediction and the
cautionary tale like right now we spend
a lot of talk time talking about this
protocol that protocol bridging you know
uh this and that will disappear for the
average user and it will simply become
you know digital money. I think your
point about AI is really astute. I think
that that's definitely in the spirit of
we always overestimate the technology in
the short term and we underestimate it
in the long term. Um I think that this
combination of AI and crypto is is that
like it's been probably overhyped in the
short term and that creates bubbles, but
when you think about the way that that
changes the you know again the fabric of
society in the long term, there's just
no way we get our head around it. I
mean, we are, you know, we're not too
far away from AGI, quantum computing,
robotics, you know, and and I don't I
don't think anyone on the planet really
has their head around what that means in
terms of of its impact. So I I think
that you know and I really think that um
we as a crypto community need to spend
more time thinking about crypto as the
flip side to AI you know whether that is
around identity, proof of humanity,
proof of many things in life without the
loss of um PII the ability to kind of
federate our own preferences instead of
giving all of our preferences to the
agents. Let's keep our preferences you
know in our wallets and federate them to
the agents you know as we need to. Let's
not give the agents our credit card
number. Let's keep our digital value and
self-custody and then approve
transactions on secure screens as we
need to. It's a much better world to
live in. Like you know that I think that
you know these are some really really
really fundamental um things that we
need to think about. And I think you
know at at Ledger we really try to be
pragmatic. We've been around for 11
years. We'll be around for 11 more. You
know we our road map is like I can you
know I know everything that we're you
know that we're announcing at le open in
October. We're really focused on those
things. I know the next two devices that
we want to build. I know the whole slate
of features that we want to have in
Ledger Live over the next 12 months. You
know, we're really focused on those
things. At the same time, you know, we
recognize that, you know, we're moving
into a world of, you know, 10 trillion
of onchain value. And as the number one
security company in that space, we have
a role to play that's far beyond what we
do today. you know, I mean the if you
know, if you think of you know that
that's the thing for us is that you
know, we were the number one, you know,
digital asset security company in a
world of 1 trillion of value and we will
be the number one digital asset security
company a role in a world of 10 trillion
of value, but that'll be a very
different company with a very different
suite of products. So, you know, like I
said, we're very pragmatic and focused
on the short term, but you know, we we
really are always thinking about, okay,
what does this look like? Um, you know,
in a world with, you know, far greater
onchain value.
>> Um, we're near the end of our time, but
I just have two quick questions I want
to ask you. So, I guess the first is you
already mentioned the lessons you
learned with recovery and how you
implemented that into sharing with
crypto Twitter and then sharing with
mainstream. So instead of asking what's
on the road map, maybe instead I can ask
for like a word or a sentence that can
give us a vibe of what the next 12
months will look like for Ledger.
>> There there's such a spectrum of things
that we have coming. It's difficult to
distill into into one sentence. I I
really think it is just about doing more
from a basis of security and
self-custody. everything fits on that
theme because it's, you know, remember
that we have Ledger enterprise
as well as Ledger, you know, the Ledger
wallets that everyone's familiar with.
So, we're think about both enterprise um
and that uh the the retail customer,
especially in this cycle, but also for
that retail customer, which is really
where the action is. We just want you to
be able to do more inside of of Ledger
Live. And that combination of software
hardware is the, you know, is is so much
more than what we had in 2020. You know,
that that's the main thing. We're doing
so much more with our digital assets,
but you need to be able to do it from
the, you know, security and self-custody
of that that Ledger offers.
>> Cool. And kind of final question is, is
crypto still punk rock?
>> Crypto is very punk rock. There's no
question. Look at look at Hyperlid.
Right. I mean, these guys, you know,
these guys come in and and like, you
know, give away 31s% of the supply, you
know, to the holders and then, you know,
do everything on chain, have basically
nobody to talk to, have a an affiliate
program that brings people in and
they're like up against the big boys,
right, in every way. They're up against
the big chains. They're up against the,
you know, the big exchanges,
you know? Um, like that's that's punk
rock for sure. I mean, and I think it's
important to define what we mean by
that. I think that, you know, again,
what what punk rock means to me, and
this is a conversation I had with Rick
Rubin recently because we were I was
asking him what he meant when he said
that that vibe coding is punk rock. What
it means is it takes it off the stage
and into the hands of the people. That's
what it means. It doesn't necessarily
mean like snotty, in-your-face, middle
finger in the air. That's not what it
means. What it means is instead of the
rock star being on the stage and you're
in the bleachers, it means that, you
know, you're on the floor with the band,
you know, in running in a circle jumping
off the stage into the crowd and, you
know, the band that's playing next is
standing next to you. They're not in the
dressing room. They're with you in the
pit. So, in that way, absolutely, crypto
is punk.
>> I love it. Ian Rogers, chief experience
officer at Ledger. Hell of an experience
chatting with you today. So much for
your for your time and your insights.
Um, I had a blast.
>> Thanks, man. Me, too. Thanks for the
great questions. I'd love to I'd like to
interview you next.
>> I appreciate it. Well, maybe we can set
that up. Um,
>> let's do it.
>> I don't know how I can fill the the the
next shoes of Rick Rubin, but hell yeah,
man. What's What's the best way that
people can reach out to you or or to a
team at Ledger if they want to connect?
We're ledger on on all on all socials.
Um I'm intentionally difficult to get a
hold of. You know, I'm not using
Telegram. We're trying to limit the uh
you know the if you see me on Telegram,
it's not me. I promise you that. I don't
I don't use platforms that are that that
are not secure. Sorry, but no. Yeah. Hit
hit us hit us on Twitter, Ledger.
>> Awesome. All right. Well, I hope your I
hope your knee heals up and and you get
to hit the pavement soon.
>> Thanks, man. Appreciate it.
>> Cheers, Ian. Well, what' you think of
that conversation? Thank you so much for
tuning in to the Smart Economy podcast.
To stay in the loop with all of our
latest episodes and insights, head over
to www.smarteconomyodcast.com.
And don't forget to subscribe to our
YouTube channel for all of our video
content. If you enjoyed today's
discussion, please consider showing your
support by liking, commenting, and
reviewing this episode on your favorite
podcasting platform. Your feedback helps
us reach more listeners and brings even
better content your way. We'd also love
to hear from you. So, drop a comment on
Spotify or YouTube to share what topics
you'd like us to cover and who you'd
like to see as our next guest. And if
you or someone you know might make a
great guest, please don't hesitate to
reach out. We're always on the hunt for
fresh voices and new perspectives. And
for our NEO token holders out there,
please consider voting for NEON News
today as your council representative.
We've proudly been serving the NEO
ecosystem since 2017 and we'll continue
to do so by putting portions of our
council rewards directly back into
ecosystem growth initiatives. So once
again, thank you for listening to the
Smart Economy podcast and we look
forward to catching you next time.